README.md, before:

# Life-Lister - React Frontend

This is the React frontend for the Life-Lister app. This app enables naturalists to keep track of the organisms they have seen and share their life lists with others. The backend is built with Ruby on Rails. For the backend, see the repo here: https://github.com/Meganmccarty/life-lister-rails

You can also watch a [short walkthrough video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RuurazEz0-hyKefSAGRFzVUufP_LjMcS/view?usp=sharing) of the project.

## Get your own copy
To create your own copy of this project:
1. Fork this repo
2. Click the green 'Code' button at the top right and copy the link
3. In your terminal, navigate to the directory in which to clone the repo
4. Type `git clone <copied-link>` and hit enter
5. Type `cd life-lister-react` and hit enter
6. Run `npm install`
7. Run `npm start`

The website should open up in a new browser tab at `http://localhost:3001`

### Configure the backend (optional)
If you want to use a blank, local database, please see the README for the backend repo: https://github.com/Meganmccarty/life-lister-rails

## Features
* Create a free account
* Create a new record for a given organism using a form (with validations)
* See all of the organisms in your life list
* Filter your life list by organism type (e.g., "Bird") and date first seen
* Easily edit or delete your life list records
* Choose to make your profile public (default is private) and share your life list with other naturalists

## Resources Used
* Built with React JS

Commit message:

Add link to live site, change localhost port to :3000

README.md, after:

# Life-Lister - React Frontend

This is the React frontend for the Life-Lister app. This app enables naturalists to keep track of the organisms they have seen and share their life lists with others. The backend is built with Ruby on Rails. For the backend, see the repo here: https://github.com/Meganmccarty/life-lister-rails

You can visit the live website here: https://life-lister.herokuapp.com

You can also watch a [short walkthrough video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RuurazEz0-hyKefSAGRFzVUufP_LjMcS/view?usp=sharing) of the project.

## Get your own copy
To create your own copy of this project:
1. Fork this repo
2. Click the green 'Code' button at the top right and copy the link
3. In your terminal, navigate to the directory in which to clone the repo
4. Type `git clone <copied-link>` and hit enter
5. Type `cd life-lister-react` and hit enter
6. Run `npm install`
7. Run `npm start`

The website should open up in a new browser tab at `http://localhost:3000`

### Configure the backend (optional)
If you want to use a blank, local database, please see the README for the backend repo: https://github.com/Meganmccarty/life-lister-rails

## Features
* Create a free account
* Create a new record for a given organism using a form (with validations)
* See all of the organisms in your life list
* Filter your life list by organism type (e.g., "Bird") and date first seen
* Easily edit or delete your life list records
* Choose to make your profile public (default is private) and share your life list with other naturalists

## Resources Used
* Built with React JS
